## Graded Quiz: Basics of Programming

### Question 1

Which of the following is the generic term for referencing a program component such as a stored value, method, interface, or class by a custom-named label?

-   [ ] Variable
-   [ ] Constant
-   [x] Identifier
-   [ ] Container

### Question 2

Which one of the following applies to interpreted programming languages?

-   [ ] More difficult to write in, but creates faster applications
-   [ ] Available to users who have the same operating system or a device that understands the same language
-   [ ] Better for programs installed on the computer or device
-   [x] A smaller program, normally scripted code, that must be created and repeated every time the code is run

### Question 3

Which one of the following applies to a compiled programming language compared to an interpreted language?

-   [x] Takes longer to write the code, but it runs faster
-   [ ] Easier to learn and use, but requires an interpreter that can translate the source code into machine code
-   [ ] Creates a smaller program, normally using scripted code
-   [ ] Better for websites and smaller processes that need to be repeated

### Question 4

Which one of the following is an example of a low-level programming language?

-   [ ] Pascal
-   [ ] SQL
-   [ ] Python
-   [x] ARM

### Question 5

Which of the following is a type of programming logic with only two values, "true" or "false," and is used in both branching and looping programming logic?

-   [ ] Branching statements
-   [x] Boolean expression
-   [ ] “And-do-while” loop
-   [ ] “if-then-else” statement

### Question 6

What are the three key standpoints for organizing code?

-   [ ] Maintainability, accessibility, and scalability
-   [ ] Readability, maintainability, and accessibility
-   [ ] Readability, scalability, and accessibility
-   [x] Readability, maintainability, and scalability

### Question 7

Which of the following is also often referred to as a scripting language?

-   [x] An interpreted programming language
-   [ ] A compiled programming language
-   [ ] A query language
-   [ ] An assembly programming language

### Question 8

Which of the following is a type of looping programming logic?

-   [x] while
-   [ ] switch
-   [ ] goto
-   [ ] if

### Question 9

Which of the following is the best type of identifier for a data item whose value does not change?

-   [x] Constant
-   [ ] Variable
-   [ ] Vector
-   [ ] Array

### Question 10

Which of the following is a software methodology that focuses on objects rather than functions?

-   [ ] SDLC
-   [ ] Extreme programming
-   [x] OOP
-   [ ] Modular programming
