## Software Architecture, Design, and Deployment Topologies

### Graded Quiz: Software Architecture, Design, and Deployment Topologies

### Question 1

Which of the following best describes software architecture?

-   [x] It represents the earliest design decisions.
-   [ ] It captures implementation details.
-   [ ] It describes how the application should be coded.
-   [ ] The choice of technology stack drives the software architecture.

### Question 2

Which of the following are artifacts that result from designing the software architecture?

-   [ ] Administrator user guide
-   [x] UML diagrams
-   [ ] Test cases
-   [ ] Software requirements specification (SRS)

### Question 3

Components in a well-structured design should be **\*\*\*\***\_\_\_**\*\*\*\***.

-   [ ] loosely cohesive
-   [ ] tightly coupled
-   [ ] loosely constrained
-   [x] tightly cohesive

### Question 4

Which of the following is an advantage of using UML diagrams when designing software architecture?

-   [ ] They all use JavaScript.
-   [ ] They describe which parameters should be passed when instantiating an object.
-   [ ] They explain which methods should be included when coding an object.
-   [x] They serve to bring new team members up to speed quickly.

### Question 5

Which of the following best describes encapsulation?

-   [ ] A component’s design so it doesn’t have dependencies on other components.
-   [ ] A component should be easily replaced with another component.
-   [ ] Designing a component so it operates in different environments.
-   [x] Bundling data and methods to hide an internal state, so a component’s specific implementation is not exposed.

### Question 6

Which of the following best describes a service?

-   [ ] It is a type of object.
-   [ ] A focus on the decomposition of a design into logical components.
-   [x] A unit of functionality that focuses on a solution to a business need, is deployed independently, and is reused by multiple systems.
-   [ ] A service defines, composes, and implements loosely coupled independent components so they work together to create an application.

### Question 7

Which statement is true regarding a 2-tier architecture?

-   [x] The interface resides on client machines and makes requests to a server for data or services.
-   [ ] A 2-tier architecture consists of producers and consumers of events.
-   [ ] A 2-tier architecture consists of a decentralized network of nodes that are both clients and servers.
-   [ ] The two different tiers are the application tier and the data tier.

### Question 8

Which of the following architecture patterns are mutually exclusive?

-   [x] Peer-to-peer and two-tier
-   [ ] Three-tier and microservices
-   [ ] Peer-to-peer and event-driven
-   [ ] Microservices and event-driven

### Question 9

Which of the following environments is intended for developers to use while they are actively coding the application?

-   [ ] Staging
-   [ ] Production
-   [x] Development
-   [ ] QA

### Question 10

Which of the following is a security device that monitors traffic between an internal and an external network?

-   [ ] Web server
-   [ ] Load balancer
-   [ ] Router
-   [x] Firewall
