## Graded Quiz: Introduction to Software Development

### Question 1

Which technology is a front-end developer most likely to work with?

-   [ ] SQL
-   [ ] Java
-   [x] HTML
-   [ ] Databases

### Question 2

Which of the following technologies can you use to ensure uniformity in look, feel, style, colors, font, and layouts on a website?

-   [ ] JavaScript
-   [ ] HTML
-   [ ] XML
-   [x] CSS

### Question 3

Which of the following are used in back-end development?

-   [ ] HTML
-   [x] SQL
-   [ ] CSS
-   [ ] LESS

### Question 4

Which of the following technologies provide a way for cloud apps to access resources from the back-end?

-   [ ] Routes
-   [ ] IDEs
-   [x] APIs
-   [ ] Styles

### Question 5

Which of the following pair programming styles is a good way for a junior software engineer to learn from a more experienced colleague?

-   [ ] Driver style
-   [x] Strong style
-   [ ] Navigator style
-   [ ] Ping-pong style

### Question 6

Which of the following is a development framework?

-   [ ] Git
-   [ ] Ruby
-   [x] Vue.js
-   [ ] JavaScript

### Question 7

Which of the following statements about app development frameworks is correct?

-   [ ] Frameworks can be changed during any phase of development.
-   [x] Frameworks provide a way to build and deploy applications.
-   [ ] Frameworks keep track of what changes were made when and by whom and resolve any conflicts between changes.
-   [ ] Frameworks provide standard programs and subroutines that you can use in your own code.

### Question 8

Which process automatically builds and tests your code?

-   [ ] Continuous delivery
-   [ ] Continuous investigation
-   [x] Continuous integration
-   [ ] Continuous development

### Question 9

Which of the following is a build tool?

-   [ ] Pip
-   [ ] Homebrew
-   [x] Babel
-   [ ] npm

### Question 10

Which of the following is an example of a software stack?

-   [x] Ruby on Rails
-   [ ] Maven
-   [ ] Chocolatey
-   [ ] Conda
