## Graded Quiz: Job Opportunities and Skillsets in Software Engineering

### Question 1

Which of the following is the best description of a data integration layer?

-   [ ] It stores all of the data for your solution.
-   [x] It accesses and loads data from a variety of sources.
-   [ ] It applies real-world business rules to data in a solution.
-   [ ] It enables users to interact with your solution.

### Question 2

Complete the following. Software engineers ….

-   [ ] Develop and maintain data architectures.
-   [x] Design and develop software that solves real-world problems.
-   [ ] Design and implement network systems.
-   [ ] Use software solutions to solve real-world problems.

### Question 3

Which of the following is an example of a hard skill?

-   [ ] Open to feedback
-   [ ] Interpersonal skills
-   [x] Programming
-   [ ] Time management

### Question 4

Which of the following is an attribute of a soft skill?

-   [ ] Certifiable
-   [ ] Measurable
-   [ ] Quantifiable
-   [x] Transferable

### Question 5

The US Bureau of Labor Statistics predicts approximately what percent growth for software developers, analysts, and testers from 2020-2030?

-   [ ] 2%
-   [ ] 12%
-   [x] 22%
-   [ ] 32%

### Question 6

A technical career path is a good choice if you:

-   [x] Enjoy solving problems
-   [ ] Enjoy supporting team members
-   [ ] Enjoy managing people
-   [ ] Enjoy mentoring others

### Question 7

Who is most likely to work alongside graphic artists and sound technicians?

-   [ ] A mobile app developer
-   [ ] A DevOps engineer
-   [ ] A full-stack engineer
-   [x] A games developer

### Question 8

True or false. Learning on the job and developing new skills is an important part of a software engineer’s role.

-   [x] True
-   [ ] False

### Question 9

Which role is responsible for developing code to test the functionality of a software solution?

-   [ ] A back-end engineer
-   [x] A quality assurance engineer
-   [ ] A security engineer
-   [ ] A front-end engineer

### Question 10

What is the overarching purpose of the software engineering code of ethics?

-   [ ] To make software user-friendly.
-   [ ] To improve the software development process.
-   [ ] To improve the quality of software used in businesses.
-   [x] To serve the public good.
