## Quiz: Overview of Software Engineering

### Question 1

Which of the following best describes the primary responsibilities of a software engineer?

-   [ ] Writing test cases based on requirements
-   [ ] Writing documentation
-   [ ] Designing the user experience
-   [x] Designing, building, and maintaining software systems

### Question 2

Which of the following best describes a key advantage for a business to follow the SDLC?

-   [x] The SDLC offers an overview of the process, so stakeholders know where they fit into that process.
-   [ ] It tells the QA team what test cases to write.
-   [ ] It allows for creativity because of its adhoc approach to software development.
-   [ ] It defines the roles of the development team.

### Question 3

Which of the following best describes an activity that happens in the planning phase of the software development lifecycle (SDLC)?

-   [ ] Software architecture is designed.
-   [x] User requirements are written.
-   [ ] Bugs are identified.
-   [ ] The coding process begins.

### Question 4

Which of the following best describes an alpha release?

-   [ ] It is intended for all users.
-   [x] It is the first functioning version of a system released to a select group of stakeholders.
-   [ ] It is the most stable release.
-   [ ] It meets all functional requirements.

### Question 5

Which statement best describes the User Requirements Specification (URS)?

-   [ ] It contains functional, external interface, and non-functional requirements.
-   [ ] It contains policy and regulation requirements.
-   [ ] It can be combined with the Software Requirements Specification to form the System Requirements Specification (SysRS).
-   [x] It primarily contains use cases.
