## Quiz: The Software Building Process and Associated Roles

### Question 1

Which of the following best describes the Waterfall approach to the software development lifecycle (SDLC)?

-   [ ] It is an iterative approach to the SDLC.
-   [ ] The last stage is called the “feedback stage” rather than the “maintenance stage.”
-   [ ] Tests are written during the validation phase.
-   [x] It is a sequential approach to the SDLC.

### Question 2

In semantic numbering, what does the 9 in the version number 9.1.33.6 represent?

-   [ ] The “9” position indicates patches or minor bug fixes.
-   [x] The “9” position indicates major changes to the software such as a new release.
-   [ ] The “9” position indicates that minor changes were made to a piece of software.
-   [ ] The “9” position indicates changes that are less significant than a patch.

### Question 3

Which of the following best describes non-functional testing?

-   [ ] It is only concerned with inputs and corresponding outputs of the system under test.
-   [x] It tests application attributes like performance and security.
-   [ ] It consists of black-box testing rather than white-box testing.
-   [ ] The goal of non-functional testing is to make sure the application is usable and accessible.

### Question 4

Which role is primarily responsible for facilitating communication among team members and stakeholders?

-   [ ] Information developer
-   [x] Scrum-master
-   [ ] Product manager
-   [ ] Software architect

### Question 5

Which of the following describes a difference between process documentation compared to product documentation?

-   [ ] Process documentation provides technical documentation to the developers whereas product documentation explains standard operating procedures.
-   [x] Process documentation explains how to execute procedures whereas product documentation explains how to use the software.
-   [ ] Process documentation is in a written format whereas product documentation is in video format.
-   [ ] Process documentation is intended for the quality assurance team whereas product documentation is intended for the system administrators.
