## Quiz: The Software Development Lifecycle

### Question 1

Which of the following is the best description of software engineering?

-   [ ] The application of scientific principles to the organization of a software system.
-   [x] The application of scientific principles to the design and creation of software.
-   [ ] Any activity related to software development.
-   [ ] The set of all activities related to software development.

### Question 2

Which of the following best describes a key advantage for a business to follow the SDLC?

-   [ ] It helps technical writers develop accurate documentation.
-   [ ] It defines all the roles of the development team.
-   [ ] It allows for creativity because of its ad-hoc approach to software development.
-   [x] It gives development teams a process to follow to improve efficiency and reduce risks.

### Question 3

Which of the following best describes an activity that happens in the maintenance phase of the SDLC?

-   [ ] The coding process begins.
-   [x] Fixing minor user interface issues.
-   [ ] The system requirements specification is written.
-   [ ] Code is thoroughly tested.

### Question 4

Which of the following best describes a beta release?

-   [x] It is the first functioning version of a system released to a select group of stakeholders.
-   [ ] It meets all functional requirements.
-   [ ] It is intended for all users.
-   [ ] It is the most stable release.

### Question 5

Which statement best describes the Software Requirements Specification (SRS)?

-   [ ] It can be combined with the System Requirements Specification (SysRS) to form the User Requirements Specification (URS).
-   [x] It contains functional, external interface, and non-functional requirements.
-   [ ] It primarily contains use cases.
-   [ ] It is combined with the User Requirements Specification (URS) to form the System Requirements Specification (SysRS).

### Question 6

Which of the following is an iterative approach to the software development lifecycle (SDLC)?

-   [ ] Waterfall
-   [x] Agile
-   [ ] Verification
-   [ ] V-shape

### Question 7

Which of the following best describes functional testing?

-   [ ] Its goal is to make sure the application is usable and accessible.
-   [ ] It tests application attributes like performance and security.
-   [ ] It is concerned with confirming that a recent change to the application is not adversely affecting existing functionality.
-   [x] It tests application attributes like scalability and availability.

### Question 8

Which best describes black-box testing?

-   [ ] It is equivalent to non-functional testing.
-   [x] It is used to test inputs and outputs.
-   [ ] It is used to verify internal structure, design, and coding.
-   [ ] It is equivalent to regression testing.

### Question 9

Which role is primarily responsible for designing the software’s interface?

-   [ ] Software architect
-   [ ] Stakeholder
-   [x] UX designer
-   [ ] Product owner

### Question 10

Which of the following is a type of documentation that describes the expected features and functionality of the software system?

-   [x] Requirements
-   [ ] Technical documentation
-   [ ] Design documentation
-   [ ] User documentation
